quizzes.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Quizzes

There will be a total of five quizzes over the course of the semester, worth a total of 25% of your final grade.  You will have at least two opportunities to score well on each quiz, with a third opportunity for most of them (near the end of the semester, you can choose three of them to attempt for a third time.)

## Topics

The five quizzes will follow the topics that we are covering in the course.

Quiz 1 focuses on **C++ Pre-Requisites**, composed entirely of C++ material drawn from CSE 232 or CSE 335 (if you cannot do well on this first quiz, you are likely to struggle with the rest of this course).
+ [Sample Quiz 1A](sample_quizzes/sample1A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz 1B](sample_quizzes/sample1B.html)

<!---
Quiz 2 focuses on **C++ Fundamentals**
+ [Sample Quiz 2](sample_quizzes/quiz_2/Quiz2-Example.html)

Quiz 3 focuses on **Reliable C++ Code**
+ [Sample Quiz 3](sample_quizzes/quiz_3/Quiz3-Example.html)

Quiz 4 focuses on **Generic C++ Code**
+ [Sample Quiz 4](sample_quizzes/quiz_4/Quiz4-Example.html)

Quiz 5 focuses on **Efficient C++ Code**.
+ [Sample Quiz 5](sample_quizzes/quiz_5/Quiz5EX.html)

The advanced topics unit will not have an associated quiz.


## Quiz 1: Pre-requisites

+ [Sample Quiz C](sample_quizzes/sample1C.html)
+ [Sample Quiz D](sample_quizzes/sample1D.html)
+ [Sample Quiz E](sample_quizzes/sample1E.html)
+ [Sample Quiz F](sample_quizzes/sample1F.html)
+ [Sample Quiz G](sample_quizzes/sample1G.html)
+ [Sample Quiz H](sample_quizzes/sample1H.html)
+ [Sample Quiz I](sample_quizzes/sample1I.html)
+ [Sample Quiz J](sample_quizzes/sample1J.html)

## Quiz 2: C++ Fundamentals

Quiz 2 covers topics discussed in the first three weeks of class. 

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_2/quiz_2_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_2/quiz_2_sample_B.html)
+ [Sample Quiz C](sample_quizzes/quiz_2/quiz_2_sample_C.html)


## Quiz 3: Reliable C++ Code

Quiz 3 covers topics discussed in weeks four and five. 

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_3/quiz_3_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_3/quiz_3_sample_B.html)


## Quiz 4: Generic C++ Code

Quiz 4 covers templates and lambdas.

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_4/quiz_4_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_4/quiz_4_sample_B.html)

## Quiz 5: Efficient C++ Code

Quiz 5 covers benchmarking, profiling, custom memory management, constexpr, value semantics, and template metaprogramming.

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_5/quiz_5_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_5/quiz_5_sample_B.html)

-->

Commit message:

Added notes about lockdown browswer for quizzes and quiz topics.

quizzes.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Quizzes

There will be a total of five quizzes over the course of the semester, worth a total of 25% of your final grade.  You will have at least two opportunities to score well on each quiz, with a third opportunity at the end of the semester.

Each quiz will have 10 questions on it and will be completed in class on D2L.  You will need to install a lockdown browser (to avoid AI usage) on the quizzes.

## Topics

The five quizzes will follow the topics that we are covering in the course.

Quiz 1 focuses on **C++ Pre-Requisites**, composed entirely of C++ material drawn from CSE 232 or CSE 335 (it is important to do well on this first quiz to succeed in the rest of this course).
+ [Sample Quiz 1A](sample_quizzes/sample1A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz 1B](sample_quizzes/sample1B.html)

Quiz 2 focuses on **C++ Fundamentals**

Quiz 3 focuses on **Reliable C++ Code**

Quiz 4 focuses on **Generic C++ Code**

Quiz 5 focuses on **Efficient C++ Code**.

The advanced topics unit will not have an associated quiz.

<!--
## Quiz 1: Pre-requisites

+ [Sample Quiz C](sample_quizzes/sample1C.html)
+ [Sample Quiz D](sample_quizzes/sample1D.html)
+ [Sample Quiz E](sample_quizzes/sample1E.html)
+ [Sample Quiz F](sample_quizzes/sample1F.html)
+ [Sample Quiz G](sample_quizzes/sample1G.html)
+ [Sample Quiz H](sample_quizzes/sample1H.html)
+ [Sample Quiz I](sample_quizzes/sample1I.html)
+ [Sample Quiz J](sample_quizzes/sample1J.html)

## Quiz 2: C++ Fundamentals

Quiz 2 covers topics discussed in the first three weeks of class. 

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_2/quiz_2_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_2/quiz_2_sample_B.html)
+ [Sample Quiz C](sample_quizzes/quiz_2/quiz_2_sample_C.html)


## Quiz 3: Reliable C++ Code

Quiz 3 covers topics discussed in weeks four and five. 

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_3/quiz_3_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_3/quiz_3_sample_B.html)


## Quiz 4: Generic C++ Code

Quiz 4 covers templates and lambdas.

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_4/quiz_4_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_4/quiz_4_sample_B.html)

## Quiz 5: Efficient C++ Code

Quiz 5 covers benchmarking, profiling, custom memory management, constexpr, value semantics, and template metaprogramming.

+ [Sample Quiz A](sample_quizzes/quiz_5/quiz_5_sample_A.html)
+ [Sample Quiz B](sample_quizzes/quiz_5/quiz_5_sample_B.html)

-->
