resources.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Additional Resources

Lots of useful links and bonus videos below.  These resources will be expanded as the semester progresses.  Please make suggestions if you find a website or C++ video that you think is valuable!

## Web Resources

[CPP Reference](https://en.cppreference.com/) - A community-driven resource with a detailed guide to the C++ language.

[https://www.learncpp.com/](https://www.learncpp.com/) - Useful site for learning C++ from scratch.

[Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) - Compile and run C++ code on the internet, try out different compilers, see the resulting assembly code, and share the results.

[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) - Useful question and answer site for programming, with somewhat peer-reviewed results.  Answers tend to be higher quality than other sites.

[CPP Insights](https://cppinsights.io/) - See how a compiler views your C++ code.  Helps spell out many of the implicit assumptions that you might be making.

[The C++ Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/cpp) - New, useful resources are often announced here, along with interesting discussions about the C++ language.

[C++ Core Guidelines](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines) - A set of guidelines to help you leverage "modern" C++.

## Video suggestions

On the class [schedule](schedule.md) you will see class-by-class videos to watch for discussion.  Here are some additional videos that were informative.  

<!--

They are divided into two groups: "C++ Basics", which review material that you should know coming into the course, and "Additional Content", which are useful for going more in-depth into topics that we don't have time to fully cover.

### C++ Basics

*[Back to Basics: Templates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN319NYEOcE)* (and [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfI6Lov1O9M)).  This is long (about 2 hours combined), but they review the details and nuances for how to work with templates in a lot of detail.  It was tempting to include these videos in the required material, but the combination of their length and the fact that most of the time is spent on material that was covered in previous courses led us to put it here instead.  That said, they are very well done and informative.

### Additional Content
-->

### Week 3 Extras

[C++ Standard Views](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv29fo9sUjY) (96 min) - A much more detailed review of tricks and possibilities with views.  I learned a lot from this video, but it is long and goes into lots of detail, so I elected not to include it in the main course.

### Week 10 Extras

**[What Programmers should Know about Memory Allocation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYfd25Bdmws)**. Goes into more detail about memory allocation especially when working with multi-threaded programs.  Some of the speed improvements they are able to demonstrate are really impressive.

### Week 11 Extras

**[Modern Template Metaprogramming: A Compendium](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am2is2QCvxY)**.  This is an old video (covering through C++14), but all of the techniques still work and many are now baked in to the standard library.  It has a lot of obscure knowledge about how C++ works that many of you will find fascinating.

Commit message:

Added cheat sheets and cppquiz to resources.

resources.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Additional Resources

Lots of useful links and bonus videos below.  These resources will be expanded as the semester progresses.  Please make suggestions if you find a website or C++ video that you think is valuable!

## Web Resources

[CPP Reference](https://en.cppreference.com/) - A community-driven resource with a detailed guide to the C++ language.

[https://www.learncpp.com/](https://www.learncpp.com/) - Useful site for learning C++ from scratch.

[Compiler Explorer](https://godbolt.org/) - Compile and run C++ code on the internet, try out different compilers, see the resulting assembly code, and share the results.

[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/) - Useful question and answer site for programming, with somewhat peer-reviewed results.  Answers tend to be higher quality than other sites.

[CPP Insights](https://cppinsights.io/) - See how a compiler views your C++ code.  Helps spell out many of the implicit assumptions that you might be making.

[The C++ Subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/cpp) - New, useful resources are often announced here, along with interesting discussions about the C++ language.

[C++ Core Guidelines](https://isocpp.github.io/CppCoreGuidelines/CppCoreGuidelines) - A set of guidelines to help you leverage "modern" C++.

[C++ Cheat Sheets](https://hackingcpp.com/cpp/cheat_sheets.html) - A bunch of quick references for how to use C++ and especially the standard library.

[C++ Quiz](https://cppquiz.org/quiz/random) - A random question about C++ (1 to 3 dot difficulty; 3 dots is VERY hard.)

## Video suggestions

On the class [schedule](schedule.md) you will see class-by-class videos to watch for discussion.  Here are some additional videos that were informative.  

<!--

They are divided into two groups: "C++ Basics", which review material that you should know coming into the course, and "Additional Content", which are useful for going more in-depth into topics that we don't have time to fully cover.

### C++ Basics

*[Back to Basics: Templates](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XN319NYEOcE)* (and [Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FfI6Lov1O9M)).  This is long (about 2 hours combined), but they review the details and nuances for how to work with templates in a lot of detail.  It was tempting to include these videos in the required material, but the combination of their length and the fact that most of the time is spent on material that was covered in previous courses led us to put it here instead.  That said, they are very well done and informative.

### Additional Content
-->

### Week 3 Extras

[C++ Standard Views](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv29fo9sUjY) (96 min) - A much more detailed review of tricks and possibilities with views.  I learned a lot from this video, but it is long and goes into lots of detail, so I elected not to include it in the main course.

### Week 10 Extras

**[What Programmers should Know about Memory Allocation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYfd25Bdmws)**. Goes into more detail about memory allocation especially when working with multi-threaded programs.  Some of the speed improvements they are able to demonstrate are really impressive.

### Week 11 Extras

**[Modern Template Metaprogramming: A Compendium](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Am2is2QCvxY)**.  This is an old video (covering through C++14), but all of the techniques still work and many are now baked in to the standard library.  It has a lot of obscure knowledge about how C++ works that many of you will find fascinating.
