reviews1.md, before:

---
layout: default
---

# Project Review Assignments


- [Group 1: Stroustrup](#group-1)
- [Group 2: Ritchie](#group-2)
- [Group 3: Hopper](#group-3)
- [Group 4: Torvalds](#group-4)
- [Group 5: Hamilton](#group-5)
- [Group 6: Lamport](#group-6)
- [Group 7: Euler](#group-7)
- [Group 8: Turing](#group-8)
- [Group 9: Liskov](#group-9)
- [Group 10: Bellman](#group-10)

## <span id="group-1" style="color: blue">Group 1: Stroustrup</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Jerry Chen | [Group 9: `EventQueue`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `StaticVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| George Faraj | [Group 9: `EventManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `MemoFunction`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Leonardo Specht | [Group 9: `Image`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `ComboManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Kollin Bartz | [Group 9: `TextBox`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `BruteForceOptimizer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Tyler Pritchett | [Group 9: `WebLayout`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `MemoryFactory`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |


## <span id="group-2" style="color: blue">Group 2: Ritchie</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Nitish Maindoliya | [Group 1: `Random`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `StaticVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Dominik Leisinger | [Group 1: `WeightedSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `MemoFunction`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Rahul Baragur | [Group 1: `Distribution`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `ComboManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Bram Hogg | [Group 1: `Graph`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `BruteForceOptimizer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Matthew Hawkins | [Group 1: `GraphPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `MemoryFactory`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |


## <span id="group-3" style="color: blue">Group 3: Hopper</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Sanya Nigam | [Group 1: `Random`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `DataMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Wendy Jiang | [Group 1: `WeightedSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `StateGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Owen Garcia | [Group 1: `Distribution`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `StateGridPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Riley Vernon | [Group 1: `Graph`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `ActionMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Alex Bodell | [Group 1: `GraphPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: *Audited Vector*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |



## <span id="group-4" style="color: blue">Group 4: Torvalds</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Chris Paul | [Group 2: `DataMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `FixedPoint`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Grant Davis | [Group 2: `StateGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `FunctionSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Krishna Patel | [Group 2: `StateGridPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `Circle`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Kyle Gunger | [Group 2: `ActionMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `Surface`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Rose Spangler | [Group 2: *Audited Vector*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `DataTracker`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |




## <span id="group-5" style="color: blue">Group 5: Hamilton</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Max Krawec | [Group 3: `FixedPoint`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `BitVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Calen Green | [Group 3: `FunctionSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `IndexSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Pedro Mitkiewicz | [Group 3: `Circle`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: *Audited String*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Shahaab Ali | [Group 3: `Surface`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `Text`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Muhammad Asif Masood | [Group 3: `DataTracker`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `Assert`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |



## <span id="group-6" style="color: blue">Group 6: Lamport</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Emil Rahn-Siegel | [Group 4: `BitVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `Datum`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Will Crawford | [Group 4: `IndexSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `ReferenceVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Ivan Bega | [Group 4: *Audited String*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `DataGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Mehmet Efe Caylan | [Group 4: `Text`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `CSVfile`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Orhan Aydin | [Group 4: `Assert`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `ExpressionParser`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |



## <span id="group-7" style="color: blue">Group 7: Euler</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Anand Pinnamaneni | [Group 5: `Datum`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `ArgManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Bao Tran | [Group 5: `ReferenceVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `CommandLine`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Duong Tran | [Group 5: `DataGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `ErrorManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Siddhartha Bhattacharya | [Group 5: `CSVfile`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `StaticString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Nathan Staniszewski | [Group 5: `ExpressionParser`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `StringSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |



## <span id="group-8" style="color: blue">Group 8: Turing</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Joanna Rodriguez Zamarron | [Group 6: `ArgManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: *Output Log*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Ryon Baldwin-Williams | [Group 6: `CommandLine`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: *Audited Array*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Kelsi Elliott | [Group 6: `ErrorManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: `DataFileManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Hannah Dale | [Group 6: `StaticString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: `Scheduler`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Caden McDonald | [Group 6: `StringSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: `Serializer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |



## <span id="group-9" style="color: blue">Group 9: Liskov</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Allie Ianello | [Group 7: *Output Log*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `AnnotatedWrapper`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Mia Bodenhorn | [Group 7: *Audited Array*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `TagManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Mary Holt | [Group 7: `DataFileManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `DynamicString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Grace Fitzgerald | [Group 7: `Scheduler`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `RandomAccessSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Owen Haiar | [Group 7: `Serializer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: *Audited Pointer*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |




## <span id="group-10" style="color: blue">Group 10: Bellman</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alex Mueller | [Group 8: `AnnotatedWrapper`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `EventQueue`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Blake Crimmins | [Group 8: `TagManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `EventManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Amery Johnson | [Group 8: `DynamicString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `Image`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Devon FoxElster | [Group 8: `RandomAccessSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `TextBox`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Ephraim Bennett | [Group 8: *Audited Pointer*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `WebLayout`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |

Commit message:

Added header info on reviews1.

reviews1.md, after:

---
layout: default
---

# Project Review Assignments


- [Group 1: Stroustrup](#group-1)
- [Group 2: Ritchie](#group-2)
- [Group 3: Hopper](#group-3)
- [Group 4: Torvalds](#group-4)
- [Group 5: Hamilton](#group-5)
- [Group 6: Lamport](#group-6)
- [Group 7: Euler](#group-7)
- [Group 8: Turing](#group-8)
- [Group 9: Liskov](#group-9)
- [Group 10: Bellman](#group-10)

Below are each individual's assignments for code to review; please get reviews in by Monday, February 24th.
If it is unclear which pull request to review, contact the associated group on their public discord channel.
If your code is being reviewed, please feel free to reply to reviewer comments and start a discussion.

The guidelines for what you should be looking for in the code reviews can be found [here](project.html#review-1).

## <span id="group-1" style="color: blue">Group 1: Stroustrup</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Jerry Chen | [Group 9: `EventQueue`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `StaticVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| George Faraj | [Group 9: `EventManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `MemoFunction`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Leonardo Specht | [Group 9: `Image`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `ComboManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Kollin Bartz | [Group 9: `TextBox`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `BruteForceOptimizer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Tyler Pritchett | [Group 9: `WebLayout`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) | [Group 10: `MemoryFactory`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |


## <span id="group-2" style="color: blue">Group 2: Ritchie</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Nitish Maindoliya | [Group 1: `Random`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `StaticVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Dominik Leisinger | [Group 1: `WeightedSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `MemoFunction`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Rahul Baragur | [Group 1: `Distribution`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `ComboManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Bram Hogg | [Group 1: `Graph`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `BruteForceOptimizer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |
| Matthew Hawkins | [Group 1: `GraphPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 10: `MemoryFactory`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-10) |


## <span id="group-3" style="color: blue">Group 3: Hopper</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Sanya Nigam | [Group 1: `Random`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `DataMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Wendy Jiang | [Group 1: `WeightedSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `StateGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Owen Garcia | [Group 1: `Distribution`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `StateGridPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Riley Vernon | [Group 1: `Graph`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: `ActionMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |
| Alex Bodell | [Group 1: `GraphPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-1) | [Group 2: *Audited Vector*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) |



## <span id="group-4" style="color: blue">Group 4: Torvalds</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Chris Paul | [Group 2: `DataMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `FixedPoint`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Grant Davis | [Group 2: `StateGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `FunctionSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Krishna Patel | [Group 2: `StateGridPosition`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `Circle`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Kyle Gunger | [Group 2: `ActionMap`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `Surface`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |
| Rose Spangler | [Group 2: *Audited Vector*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-2) | [Group 3: `DataTracker`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) |




## <span id="group-5" style="color: blue">Group 5: Hamilton</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Max Krawec | [Group 3: `FixedPoint`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `BitVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Calen Green | [Group 3: `FunctionSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `IndexSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Pedro Mitkiewicz | [Group 3: `Circle`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: *Audited String*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Shahaab Ali | [Group 3: `Surface`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `Text`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |
| Muhammad Asif Masood | [Group 3: `DataTracker`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-3) | [Group 4: `Assert`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) |



## <span id="group-6" style="color: blue">Group 6: Lamport</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Emil Rahn-Siegel | [Group 4: `BitVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `Datum`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Will Crawford | [Group 4: `IndexSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `ReferenceVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Ivan Bega | [Group 4: *Audited String*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `DataGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Mehmet Efe Caylan | [Group 4: `Text`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `CSVfile`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |
| Orhan Aydin | [Group 4: `Assert`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-4) | [Group 5: `ExpressionParser`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) |



## <span id="group-7" style="color: blue">Group 7: Euler</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Anand Pinnamaneni | [Group 5: `Datum`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `ArgManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Bao Tran | [Group 5: `ReferenceVector`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `CommandLine`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Duong Tran | [Group 5: `DataGrid`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `ErrorManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Siddhartha Bhattacharya | [Group 5: `CSVfile`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `StaticString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |
| Nathan Staniszewski | [Group 5: `ExpressionParser`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-5) | [Group 6: `StringSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) |



## <span id="group-8" style="color: blue">Group 8: Turing</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Joanna Rodriguez Zamarron | [Group 6: `ArgManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: *Output Log*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Ryon Baldwin-Williams | [Group 6: `CommandLine`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: *Audited Array*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Kelsi Elliott | [Group 6: `ErrorManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: `DataFileManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Hannah Dale | [Group 6: `StaticString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: `Scheduler`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |
| Caden McDonald | [Group 6: `StringSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-6) | [Group 7: `Serializer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) |



## <span id="group-9" style="color: blue">Group 9: Liskov</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Allie Ianello | [Group 7: *Output Log*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `AnnotatedWrapper`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Mia Bodenhorn | [Group 7: *Audited Array*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `TagManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Mary Holt | [Group 7: `DataFileManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `DynamicString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Grace Fitzgerald | [Group 7: `Scheduler`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: `RandomAccessSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |
| Owen Haiar | [Group 7: `Serializer`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-7) | [Group 8: *Audited Pointer*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) |




## <span id="group-10" style="color: blue">Group 10: Bellman</span>

**Review Assignments**

| Reviewer | Assignment 1 | Assignment 2 |
| -------- | ------------ | ------------ |
| Alex Mueller | [Group 8: `AnnotatedWrapper`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `EventQueue`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Blake Crimmins | [Group 8: `TagManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `EventManager`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Amery Johnson | [Group 8: `DynamicString`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `Image`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Devon FoxElster | [Group 8: `RandomAccessSet`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `TextBox`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
| Ephraim Bennett | [Group 8: *Audited Pointer*](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-8) | [Group 9: `WebLayout`](https://cse498.github.io/project-details.html#group-9) |
